hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be sharing
a weekly study with me with you i shared
one of these about three years ago when
i was doing my a level showing you all
of the studying i did in a week
and i thought i would do another one so
we are starting off the week on monday
i woke up early at 5 20 this morning
because i
wanted to get some work done in the
morning i had a formative assessment
which was doing for
wednesday and i wasn't quite happy with
mine yet so i
woke up early and thought i would
finish my second draft in the morning
so after lighting a candle i got started
working on that formative
so i just made a copy of the document
and then went through and
rewrote the paragraphs that i wanted to
rewrite and did extra research for this
assessment i was looking at the history
of holocaust education
[Music]
it's snowing
so then after breakfast at quarter past
eight i got started with some work for
my victoria module
and i was basically just doing some
critical reading we were doing alice in
wonderland this week which was
so so fun oh my goodness it's amazing
being able to analyze and study
a book that you love so much when you're
a kid i spent the morning doing some
research into victorian conceptions of
girlhood i was also doing some reading
into the romantic
conception of the child which um was
developed in the early
19th century with thinkers like baudela
and emerson
so after doing some research into that i
read
alice underground i was halfway through
this this is basically a fast mill of
the first draft of alice in wonderland
so
it was written in a notebook by carol
and then given to alice little of
christmas
and it's so cool to see his original
illustrations
and see how the text differed to the
original i found that really fun
oh and then next i watched a documentary
about the illustrations of alice in
wonderland which blakely had recommended
to me this was only
a 30 minute documentary and at the same
time i
painted my nails and i also made a
bookmark for my friend natasha
[Music]
on mondays blakely and i will cool for a
really long time and discuss whichever
book we're studying that weekend
victoria module
the time we spend on this does vary but
because we both really liked alice we
ended up going on a call for five hours
now it's time for a monday study session
on zoom with blakeney which is gonna be
really good fun
we're looking at alice oh alice in
wonderland today
okay bye and i didn't film the studying
i did in the evening i can't remember if
i did study or not now let's go on
tuesday
i lit some candles of course
so in the morning this day again i was
working on my formative essay i
basically just wrote up my bibliography
and bits of research
so then here i was doing even more work
on that formative essay i
i wanted to get this done by midday and
so i was just doing a few bits of extra
reading
and then look at that i submitted the
essay which was such a weight off my
shoulders and i'm very very glad to have
had that done
so after that i just wrote up some
handwritten notes i'd written
about alice mundlam when i was reading
it and there weren't very many of these
but i just wanted to transfer it to the
computer so that everything was in one
place
then after that i watched the lectures
for this week for the holocaust
remembrance module
this week we were looking at ali visel
and
his literature in particular we looked
at knight and also
his play the trial of god
[Music]
then after this i did some research into
afternoon tea in
victorian england which again was for
that alice in wonderland preparation and
this is again something i've been
meaning to research for ages and
studying this book just kind of gave me
the excuse to do that i also looked over
at the
seminal questions that we had been given
to look at in our study groups for the
victorian module and
i just bullet pointed some thoughts on
that before our call
which was at four o'clock and we just
were on that call for
i think an hour and a half we basically
have this call every week so we can
talk through all of the questions and
like formulate something together
which we then post um on this like group
chat for everyone in the module
[Music]
and then in the evening i did more
research into afternoon tea
okay so now we are going on to wednesday
did not intend on showing you anything
but studying in this video but
oh my goodness the snow was so beautiful
and so um here are some
very quick clips from my walk basically
all of the water had frozen over
and made these mini ice rinks everywhere
which was lovely and also the sky was
blue and it was just beautiful
[Music]
i've just been working on preparation
and reading
for this seminar and now i've actually
got the seminar but i didn't film that
last bit so i'm sorry about that
it's literally now oh my gosh oh my gosh
oh my gosh a few seconds ago
yeah i didn't film in the morning this
day but basically i had just done
the pre-reading for my holocaust
remembrance module and also prepared my
answers
for the questions that we had to think
about in preparation for the class
and then i actually had the seminar but
i didn't really do much studying on
wednesday morning i was actually writing
and
i'm not showing you everything i do this
week only the studying i do
after the seminar i just went through
the notes that i'd taken
and wrote up like a summary of the
things that i'd learned so that
if i were looking back over my notes i
could really quickly see
what we actually covered in that seminar
and looked into any like research gaps
that come up during the class
also here's a quick outfit of the day
just because i kind of like this outfit
so here i was doing some more afternoon
tea research and in particular i was
looking at
paintings and photographs depicting
afternoon tea in
the victorian period and particularly
focusing on
kate greenway's illustrations this was
so much fun my
um seminar leader actually sent me some
things to some paintings to look at
and i found it really interesting and i
did this for a really long time i also
set up a whole notion page for my
summative assessment
and started to think about what i wanted
to focus on for
my summit of assessment for the victoria
module which was three weeks away
on this day and i just made this great
big nation set up so
that everything would be collated in one
place and
it's also kind of a motivating force to
work on the essay because
it's such a satisfying page to fill out
i just wanted to show you this page
because i'm really proud of a domination
so this is for my summative assessment i
basically just put the title here
and then some ideas of what i'm going to
focus on
for all of my context research i can add
these on as i'm going along but this is
all i've done so far
and then i wanted to look at some cake
greenway art artwork so i've made this
gallery
it's just so aesthetic these pictures
are so pretty and then
if we click on the first one it takes
you to a mini page
where there is the image source and then
the picture and then below
their space for like thoughts on the
poem and the painting
that's what it's looking like at the
moment and it's
one of the most aesthetic pages i think
i've made on notion
um i know people have made much nicer
ones than this but
it makes me very happy to look at i
think it's very nice
and then i just did some other like
little bits of afternoon tea research in
the evening before bed
so then we are on to thursday and
i'm starting quite late because i spent
the morning writing so in the morning i
was doing some research into lewis
carroll and i read an etiquette guide
which he had written
like a table etiquette guide it was all
satirical he wrote it when he was quite
young and
that was really interesting i was just
like comparing it to
the afternoon tea that we see in alice
in wonderland and seeing if there were
any similarities
it was very very short but that was the
first thing i did
[Music]
oh and then i read an essay by thomas
emerson called
nature i was already halfway through
this but i just finished that off and
just kind of wrote up some notes as i
was going along
[Music]
so then ahead of my seminar i'd also
meant to read alice through the looking
glass but i hadn't so
i read half of it here um i'm already
quite familiar with the plot though so
it was more of a refresher and it was
just nice to step back into this book
and then i wrote up some quick thoughts
on the book
before my seminar started at half 12.
[Music]
my thing just stopped working and i know
it was my fault because like everyone
else freeze and i
could still see mine so i know that it's
my computer but like it's such an
interesting discussion
i just want to get back it's only like
an hour and a half that we have
and we're 10 minutes in so yeah so
basically and short my internet paid up
and i had to restart my computer and i
rejoined the seminar all okay
after missing two minutes which was
frustrating because it's such a fun
seminar and the discussion was great
but i got back in and it's a pretty
minor inconvenience
after the seminar i again just went
through and neatened up my notes
wrote up the key things that we'd
covered
and in the evening i was doing yet more
research
to do with alice in wonderland i also
read this essay which my seminal leader
had recommended to me which was
basically about
mary barton and women's
etiquette and the role of women it
references tea which is why
she recommended to me i also got this
amazing coconut kefir
uh by remedy i ordered like 30 of these
they're my favorite drinks at the moment
and they're really nice to have in the
evenings
[Music]
so then here we are on friday this was a
day that i actually filmed it was the
bookworm day in the life that i did so
you might recognize
these clips but basically i finished
reading that mary barton essay then i
did some more research into the history
of tea in particular i made a timeline
of the key events
which occurred in the regency and
victorian era surrounding
like accessibility of tea and perception
of tea and that ended up being quite
useful later on
i also found some poems about tea and
analyzed those
just to see if there was anything there
which might be useful for my
summit of essay not really but it was
still fun and then i also analyzed the
illustrations of alice's adventures in
wonderland and also
the illustrations from the nursery
artist and that was my morning's work
then after lunch i started reading our
mutual friend which was the book we
were set to study the next week for the
victoria module this is a very big book
and
i probably should have started it sooner
managed to get up to chapter six by the
end of the day
which isn't very much to be fair
okay now we are on to saturday
i started off by getting myself a lovely
mug of matcha
and also a smoothie it was such a
beautiful day today as well
i really didn't do much studying on
saturday i just watched the victorian
lectures
in the evening and then finally on to
sunday so in the morning i finished
watching
the lectures for my victorian module we
had four lectures this week
and i'd watched one the night before and
i watched the other three here
and as usual i just wrote up my notes on
notion
then i spent the afternoon reading some
more of our mutual friend and
i managed to get up to 37
which i was pretty happy with i was also
doing
some critical reading in the evening for
my holocaust remembrance module
and i also read a critical essay on
our mutual friend um in preparation for
michael with blakeney the next day
i ended up reading two articles but one
of them wasn't very useful skimmed over
it a little bit
then finally to finish off this week of
studying i
read our core secondary reading for the
victorian module
basically we're given a few pages from
the source book
every week and i just went through and
read and annotated this on my
ipad and then wrote up the keynotes and
some thoughts
onto notion anyway thank you so much for
watching this video i hope you enjoyed
it do you keep in mind the amount of
studying that i do every week
really does depend this is more than
i'll study some weeks less than i'll
study other weeks
it really depends on how interested i am
in the material and
and if i have any deadlines coming up if
i'm spending time on other things i hope
that you have a productive week